# BrandonCzaja.github.io


A major part of the Magic the Gathering community is being able to build your own decks. To do this, Magic players like myself, use the Magic the Gathering Gatherer site (https://gatherer.wizards.com/Pages/Default.aspx), as well as other online resources, to look up cards from a variety of sets. I wanted to make a site similar to the Gatherer website. I use two AJAX requests in my site; the first one which I use for the individual card search section is from Magic: the Gathering Developers (https://docs.magicthegathering.io/#documentationgetting_started), the second API comes from Scryfall (https://scryfall.com/docs/api/sets) and is used for the set symbol carousel. This is the link to my live site hosted on Vercel: https://magic-the-gathering-card-and-set-search.vercel.app/

Although I am happy with the results of my project I do have some unsolved problems. Originally I wanted the set symbols to be buttons that when clicked appended the Card Image Gallery for the set at the bottom of the page. I had the code working but for some reason it was overloading the API site with requests and I actually got temporarily banned from the site for 24 hours. Due to the short timeline of the project I decided it would be easier to slightly modify the end result than to risk getting banned permanently while trying to fix it. After the project is submitted I will try to fix the AJAX request and return my project to its original intent. 

I am also having issues with getting the site to be responsive to different sizes of screens. I originally split my site into three sections; a bottom section that was 50% of the height and split the top half into to even sections down the middle. The bottom section was for the Card Image Gallery, but since that wasn't working I removed it. The two remaining sections are for the Individual Card Search and the Set Symbols. I was hoping to make the site respond to smaller screen sizes by having the Set Symbols section, along with the Card Image Gallery section, shift below the Individual Card Search section, however I could not get it to work. 

In future iterations of this site I would like to have the Card Image Gallery work and make it responsive to all screen sizes. When we cover local storage I also want to create another section for users to be able to build their own decks. Once I do that I will redesign the site to consist of multiple pages, one for each of the three sections (Card Search, Card Image Galleries, Deck Building), but also include a news a resources area where players can read articles and watch videos. 

